In this court module, we'll have a look at responsive design
and here's something important
I mentioned earlier and I will mention again. This is not a deep dive into responsive design,
you can create a full course about this topic and there is a good reason why this is possible because
it's a huge topic and there are many things you can tweak and you could optimize.
I strongly encourage you to dive into such a course because I don't want to squeeze one in this course,
this course is about progressive web apps in general
and I want to focus on all the technologies which are the meat of the progressive web app, which drive
it like service workers, push notifications and so on.
In this module, I'll refresh some of the core basics about responsive design to make sure you have
an idea of what it means and to have some points to start thinking about when it comes to optimizing your
web application because obviously, we want to make sure that it doesn't just work good on mobile devices,
it should also look good and load fast. Therefore responsive design is important, in this module you'll
get a brief refresher.
Definitely spend some time in dedicated courses to make sure you get the most out of responsive design.